c:\users\kevin\Desktop\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\You_Audio\You_Audio\bin\Debug\You_Audio.exe.config
c:\users\kevin\Desktop\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\You_Audio\You_Audio\bin\Debug\You_Audio.exe
c:\users\kevin\Desktop\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\You_Audio\You_Audio\bin\Debug\You_Audio.pdb
c:\users\kevin\Desktop\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\You_Audio\You_Audio\obj\Debug\You_Audio.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kevin\Desktop\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\You_Audio\You_Audio\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\kevin\Desktop\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\You_Audio\You_Audio\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\kevin\Desktop\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\You_Audio\You_Audio\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\kevin\Desktop\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\You_Audio\You_Audio\obj\Debug\You_Audio_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\kevin\Desktop\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\You_Audio\You_Audio\obj\Debug\You_Audio.g.resources
c:\users\kevin\Desktop\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\You_Audio\You_Audio\obj\Debug\You_Audio.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\kevin\Desktop\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\You_Audio\You_Audio\obj\Debug\You_Audio.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\kevin\Desktop\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\You_Audio\You_Audio\obj\Debug\You_Audio.exe
c:\users\kevin\Desktop\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\You_Audio\You_Audio\obj\Debug\You_Audio.pdb
c:\users\kevin\Desktop\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\You_Audio\You_Audio\obj\Debug\ResultsPage.baml
c:\users\kevin\Desktop\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\You_Audio\You_Audio\obj\Debug\ResultsPage.g.cs
c:\users\kevin\Desktop\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\You_Audio\You_Audio\bin\Debug\Google.GData.Client.dll
c:\users\kevin\Desktop\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\You_Audio\You_Audio\bin\Debug\Google.GData.YouTube.dll
c:\users\kevin\Desktop\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\You_Audio\You_Audio\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\kevin\Desktop\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\You_Audio\You_Audio\bin\Debug\Google.GData.Extensions.dll
c:\users\kevin\Desktop\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\You_Audio\You_Audio\obj\Debug\SearchPage.baml
c:\users\kevin\Desktop\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\You_Audio\You_Audio\obj\Debug\SearchPage.g.cs
